README.md, RTD, Contributing.md & Code of Conduct (#442)
aimakerspace/PeekingDuck: docs/source/index.md

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aimakerspace/PeekingDuck/dev/diagrams/yolo_demo.drawio.svg">

## Explore PeekingDuck's Features

The rest of this webpage contains more details about using PeekingDuck, including information on:
- [Changing PeekingDuck nodes](getting_started/02_configure_pkdk) and their settings

> - [Full list](peekingduck.pipeline.nodes) of all PeekingDuck nodes, describing their behaviour, inputs, outputs and settings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Official Documentation](peekingduck.pipeline.nodes) of all PeekingDuck nodes, describing their behaviour, inputs, outputs and settings
```

Author: Updated in both RTD and README.md
